How could the contract be suddenly terminated?
Have you checked the specific situation?
Mr. Zheng of Mingguang Enterprise said that you have offended the Song family
They are afraid of being implicated
Therefore, he proposed to terminate the contract with the Song family
Okay, you go out first, I'll think of a way
Ouch, Fu Xin, why are you standing here?
Scared me to death
Mr. Zheng Su Shi can only have today without your support
But if you divest
This was a devastating blow to Su Shi
Why don't you think about it again?
Mr. Su, what did you say?
I understand.
If it weren't for the Song family putting pressure here
I can't do that either
Not to mention
You are so beautiful.
How could I have the heart to hurt you?
Mr. Zheng joked
Why don't you think about it again?
Mr. Su, you have come to me in person
I can't refuse anymore
Come and drink this glass of wine
It's easy to say anything in the future
Thank you Mr. Zheng for understanding
You were taken aback in this wine
Ah!
Ha ha.
How dare you drink my wine?
Are you really not afraid of death?
Ahaha little baby
You are mine tonight hahaha